Doc update for oneTBB 2022.0 (#1515)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/GSG/get_started.rst

It is recommended for you to have a basic knowledge of C++ programming and some experience with parallel programming concepts. 

> |full_name| is a runtime-based parallel programming model for C++ code that uses threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|full_name| is a runtime-based parallel programming model for C++ code that uses tasks.
```

The template-based runtime library can help you harness the latent performance of multi-core processors.

oneTBB enables you to simplify parallel programming by breaking computation into parallel running tasks. Within a single process, 

> parallelism is carried out through threads, an operating system mechanism that allows the same or different sets of instructions 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parallelism is carried out by mapping tasks to threads. Threads are an operating system mechanism that allows the same or different sets of instructions 
```
